[DOP-14482] - Release 0.1.0 (#43)
MobileTeleSystems/horizon: docs/changelog/0.1.0.rst

0.1.0 (2024-03-27)
==================

Breaking Changes
----------------

> - Add role model to Horizon. (:issue:`27`)

Reviewer: Тут стоит добавить комментарий, почему это именно breaking changes - пользователям теперь нужно будет явно выдать роль в namespace, чтобы они могли манипулировать HWM так, как делали это раньше

Features
--------

- Add ``Namespace History``. Now it is possible to view paginated history of actions for specific namespace. (:issue:`24`)

> - Restrict deletion of ``Namespace`` if there are any  ``hwms`` related to it. (:issue:`25`)

Reviewer: Это кстати тоже немного breaking change

>  Users now required to explicitly have a role assigned within a namespace to manipulate HWMs as they could before. These changes enforce stricter access control and better management of user permissions within the system.
> - Add role model to Horizon, documentation available at ``/design/permissions.html``. (:issue:`27`, :issue:`31`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users now required to explicitly have a role assigned within a namespace to manipulate HWMs as they could before. These changes enforce stricter access control and better management of user permissions within the system.

- Add role model to Horizon, documentation available at :ref:`role-permissions`. (:issue:`27`, :issue:`31`)
```

- Add ``owner_id`` field to ``Namespace`` model to keep track of the owner of the namespace. (:issue:`26`)

> - - Add new API endpoint ``PATCH /namespace/:id/permissions`` for updating the permissions of users within a namespace.

Reviewer: Я бы добавил во вложенные списки заголовок, который как-то сгруппирует записи.

Т.е. вместо:
```markdown
- - Added PATCH method
  - Added GET method
  - Improved client
```

Сделал:
```markdown
- Added role model:
  - Added PATCH method
  - Added GET method
  - Improved client
```

В этом файле такое встречается 2 раза, поправить нужно оба.

  - Add new API endpoint ``GET /namespace/:id/permissions`` for fetching the permissions of users within a specific namespace.
  - Extend the Python client library with methods ``get_namespace_permissions`` and ``update_namespace_permissions`` to interact with the new API endpoints. (:issue:`29`)

> - Add docs for Horizon **Role Model** at ``/permissions/index.html``. (:issue:`31`)

Reviewer: Я бы просто указал этот issue рядом с `Add role model to Horizon` в `Breaking changes`. Пункт не особо самостоятельный
